Added better instructions on how to build the game (#925)
tobspr/shapez.io: README.md

5. If not, file a new issue here: https://github.com/tobspr/shapez.io/issues/new
6. I will then have a look (This can take days or weeks) and convert it to trello, and comment with the link. You can then vote there ;)

> ## Building (for windows)

Reviewer: "Windows" should probably be capitalized

also it *might* be helpful to add that for other systems, setup is whatever equivalent they have, but I don't know much about other systems

(credit to Hyperion-21)

**SETUP**
1. Download FFmpeg at https://www.gyan.dev/ffmpeg/builds/ffmpeg-release-full.7z
2. Extract the .zip onto desktop, rename it to FFmpeg

> 3. Move the folder into `C:\Program Files (x86)`, anywhere works but there is convienient

Reviewer: `C:\Program Files` may be better because FFmpeg is 64-bit (to avoid confusion)
(Appears throughout file)

4. Go to `Control Panel\System and Security\System` and click on `Advanced system settings`
5. Go to the `Advanced` tab. Click on `Enviornment Variables...`
6. Click on the listing that says `PATH` and click edit. 
- On win10, you should see a list. Click `New` then type in `C:\Program Files (x86)\FFmpeg\bin`
- On win7, you should see a window that says `Edit User Variable.` In the text field that says "Variable value:" you want to type at the end `;C:\Program Files (x86)\FFmpeg\bin`. The semicolon is for seperating the file path from the other file paths in that field.
7. FFmpeg should now be installed. To test if you did this correctly, run `cmd.exe` as administrator and type `ffmpeg -version` and it should spit at you several lines of code.

> 8. Install `Node.js`, `Yarn`, and `GitHub CLI`. All three of these softwares use setup wizards, so installation should be easy. If you don't know what setting to put in, use the default. Also make sure you have `Java` and `Git`, but both are very commom afaik.

Reviewer: Git probably isn't that common

9. Run `cmd.exe` or `Powershell`.

> 10. `cd C:\Program Files (x86)\GitHub CLI` then `gh`. Login through that, selecting HTML over SSH.

Reviewer: Should be `HTTPS`, not `HTML`
(Same for "HTML url" below)

> 10. `cd C:\Program Files (x86)\GitHub CLI` then `gh`. Login through that, selecting HTML over SSH.

Reviewer: You probably shouldn't clone the repo into the GitHub CLI files (and also the below instructions use something else).

11. `gh repo clone tobspr/shapez.io` to make sure the game's code is on your system.
12. `git remote add upstream https://github.com/tobspr/shapez.io.git` for resetting branches to the current and official build on GitHub.
13. Set up branches for development. If you just want to build and not make anything, skip this step. On your fork, you should create a new branch. Each unique pull request should have its own branch. Reserve the `master` branch to being level with `tobspr/master`. Run `git reset --hard upstream/(username)/master && git push --force` to reset your master to be level with tob's. Make sure all of your current work is on the branch you created.

**EXECUTION**
1. Start `cmd.exe` or `Powershell`

> 2. If you aren't already on `C:\Users\[Your user]`, type `cd %USERPROFILE%`

Reviewer: Powershell uses something different (`cd ~` or `cd $home` or `cd $env:USERPROFILE` I think)

3. `cd shapez.io`
4. See below for switching builds. If you wish to perform any of those commands, run them at this step.
5. `yarn & cd gulp & yarn & yarn gulp`. This will take a while, and after it has finished

> **SWITCHING BUILD**

Reviewer: It may be useful to add that you only have to run `yarn gulp` after the initial setup

- If you want to run a specific pull request, run `gh pr checkout [pr number]`
- If you want to run a specific fork, run `git remote add [arbitrary name] [HTML url, click 'code' on the fork's page and copy the url here] & git fetch -a`. You now have the fork as a remote.

> - If you want to run a specific branch, run `git branch -a` and choose one of the branches. Run `git checkout` followed by the branch you chose. Note that 

Reviewer: The trailing "Note that" doesn't lead to anything

> - If you want to run a specific branch, run `git branch -a` and choose one of the branches. Run `git checkout` followed by the branch you chose. Note that 

Reviewer: Maybe format it like the other ones: `git checkout [branch name you chose]` or something

## Building

Note that this process is for Windows. Use equivalent actions for other operating systems. This guide is also meant to be understandable by users with little to no knowledge of Git.

(credit to Hyperion-21)

> **SETUP**

Reviewer: These instructions are still for Windows only

Author: > Note that this process is for Windows. Use equivalent actions for other operating systems.

> also it might be helpful to add that for other systems, setup is whatever equivalent they have, but I don't know much about other systems

?

Reviewer: shh

1. Download FFmpeg at https://www.gyan.dev/ffmpeg/builds/ffmpeg-release-full.7z
2. Extract the .zip onto desktop, rename it to FFmpeg

> 3. Move the folder into `C:\Program Files`, anywhere works but there is convienient

Reviewer: "convenient" is misspelled

> 4. Go to `Control Panel\System and Security\System` and click on `Advanced system settings`

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
4. Press the windows key and search for and open "Edit the system environment variables".
- Alternatively, open Control Panel -> System and Security -> System -> Advanced system settings and go to the Advanced tab.
```
to skip a few steps. This also takes you to the `Advanced` tab.

5. Go to the `Advanced` tab. Click on `Enviornment Variables...`
6. Click on the listing that says `PATH` and click edit. 
- On win10, you should see a list. Click `New` then type in `C:\Program Files\FFmpeg\bin`
- On win7, you should see a window that says `Edit User Variable.` In the text field that says "Variable value:" you want to type at the end `;C:\Program Files\FFmpeg\bin`. The semicolon is for seperating the file path from the other file paths in that field.
7. FFmpeg should now be installed. To test if you did this correctly, run `cmd.exe` as administrator and type `ffmpeg -version` and it should spit at you several lines of code.
8. Install `Node.js`, `Yarn`, and `GitHub CLI`. All three of these softwares use setup wizards, so installation should be easy. If you don't know what setting to put in, use the default. Also make sure you have `Java` and `Git`, but both are very commom afaik. Run `cmd.exe` if you closed it earlier and run `java -version` and `git --version` to test if you already have them installed or not.

> 9. `cd C:\Program Files (x86)\GitHub CLI` then `gh` in `cmd.exe`. Login through that, selecting HTTP over SSH.

Reviewer: I don't think you have to go to that folder to logi. Also, I'm pretty sure you login with `gh auth login`.

Reviewer: Oh yeah, the [manual](https://cli.github.com/manual/) also says to just use `gh auth login`, and doesn't specify location

10. `cd %USERPROFILE%` to return to your user folder.

> 11. `gh repo clone tobspr/shapez.io` to make sure the game's code is on your system.

Reviewer: Maybe add that this does not have to be cloned to a specific location

12. `git remote add upstream https://github.com/tobspr/shapez.io.git` for resetting branches to the current and official build on GitHub.

> 13. Set up branches for development. If you just want to build and not make anything, skip this step. On your fork, you should create a new branch. Each unique pull request should have its own branch. Reserve the `master` branch to being level with `tobspr/master`. Run `git reset --hard upstream/(username)/master && git push --force` to reset your master to be level with tob's. Make sure all of your current work is on the branch you created.

Reviewer: This is tobspr's README, no need for third person

**EXECUTION**
1. Start `cmd.exe`
2. If you aren't already on `C:\Users\[Your user]`, type `cd %USERPROFILE%`
3. `cd shapez.io`
4. See below for switching builds. If you wish to perform any of those commands, run them at this step.

> 5. `yarn & cd gulp & yarn & yarn gulp`. This will take a while, but afterwards shapez.io should be running in a browser tab. Note that if both `yarn` commands respond with `Already up-to-date`, if the future you only have to run `cd gulp & yarn gulp`, but only do this if you know you are up to date.

Reviewer: Might be better to do
```suggestion
5. `yarn && cd gulp && yarn && yarn gulp`. This will take a while, but afterwards shapez.io should be running in a browser tab (there may be an error at first, but it should quickly go away).
- Note that if both `yarn` commands respond with `Already up-to-date`, you only have to run `cd gulp && yarn gulp` in the future, as long as there are no changes to the dependencies.
- Also note that `cd gulp` takes you from the `shapez.io` directory to the `gulp` directory. If you are already in the `gulp` directory (current directory is by the prompt), skip the `cd gulp` command.
```
(double ampersands to only continue if command succeeds)

**SWITCHING BUILD**
- If you want to run a specific pull request, run `gh pr checkout [pr number]`
- If you want to run a specific fork, run `git remote add [arbitrary name] [HTTP url, click 'code' on the fork's page and copy the url here] & git fetch -a`. You now have the fork as a remote. This will allow you to select the branches of the fork (see below). You only have to do this once per fork, and you can check the remotes you currently have with `git remote`.

> - If you want to run a specific branch, run `git branch -a` and choose the branch you want to run. Run `git checkout [branch]`. This should put you into `detached HEAD`.

Reviewer: `detached HEAD` is not always the case (such as branches from running pull requests)

## Building

Note that this process is for Windows. Use equivalent actions for other operating systems if they are apparent. This guide is also meant to be understandable by users with little to no knowledge of Git.

(credit to Hyperion-21)

**SETUP**
1. Download FFmpeg at https://www.gyan.dev/ffmpeg/builds/ffmpeg-release-full.7z
2. Extract the .zip onto desktop, rename it to FFmpeg
3. Move the folder into `C:\Program Files`, anywhere works but there is convenient
4. Open the start menu and search for "env". Open the first result.
5. Click on the listing that says `PATH` and click edit. 

> - On win10, you should see a list. Click `New` then type in `C:\Program Files\FFmpeg\bin`

Reviewer: These sub-bullets should probably be indented (3 spaces)
(another set below)

- On win7, you should see a window that says `Edit User Variable.` In the text field that says "Variable value:" you want to type at the end `;C:\Program Files\FFmpeg\bin`. The semicolon is for seperating the file path from the other file paths in that field.
6. FFmpeg should now be installed. To test if you did this correctly, run `cmd.exe` as administrator and type `ffmpeg -version` and it should spit at you several lines of code.
7. Install `Node.js`, `Yarn`, and `GitHub CLI`. All three of these softwares use setup wizards, so installation should be easy. If you don't know what setting to put in, use the default. Also make sure you have `Java` and `Git`, but both are very commom afaik. Run `cmd.exe` if you closed it earlier and run `java -version` and `git --version` to test if you already have them installed or not.

> 8. Run `gh auth login` in `cmd.exe`. Login, selecting HTTP over SSH.

Reviewer: Git uses `HTTPS`, not `HTTP`

9. `cd %USERPROFILE%` to return to your user folder.

> 10. It is reccomended you create a new folder within your user folder for housing repos, but this is completely optional. Running `mkdir [name]` creates a new folder without having to open a Windows Explorer window. `cd` into it.

Reviewer: "recommended" is misspelled

Also, it's now known as "File Explorer"

> 10. It is reccomended you create a new folder within your user folder for housing repos, but this is completely optional. Running `mkdir [name]` creates a new folder without having to open an explorer window. `cd` into it.

Reviewer: "recommended" is still misspelled

Reviewer: "separating" is also misspelled on line 36

> 11. `gh repo clone tobspr/shapez.io` to make sure the game's code is on your system. If you want to clone it into a different folder, `cd` into it. Personally,

Reviewer: the folder thing is mentioned in the previous line, and "Personally," abruptly ends

12. `git remote add upstream https://github.com/tobspr/shapez.io.git` for resetting branches to the current and official build on GitHub.
13. Set up branches for development. If you just want to build and not make anything, skip this step. On your fork, you should create a new branch. Each unique pull request should have its own branch. Reserve the `master` branch to being level with `tobspr/master`. Run `git reset --hard upstream/(username)/master && git push --force` to reset your master to be level with the main one. Make sure all of your current work is on the branch you created.

**EXECUTION**
1. Start `cmd.exe`
2. If you aren't already on `C:\Users\[Your user]`, type `cd %USERPROFILE%`
3. `cd shapez.io`
4. See below for switching builds. If you wish to perform any of those commands, run them at this step.
5. `yarn && cd gulp && yarn && yarn gulp`. This will take a while, but afterwards shapez.io should be running in a browser tab (there may be an error at first, but it should quickly go away).

> - Note that if both `yarn` commands respond with `Already up-to-date`, you only have to run `cd gulp && yarn gulp` in the future, as long as there are no changes to the dependencies.

Reviewer: Like before, these should probably be indented
